API: bump MAXDIMS/MAXARGS to 64 introduce NPY_AXIS_RAVEL (#25149)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/reference/c-api/array.rst

.. c:macro:: NPY_MAXDIMS

    The maximum number of dimensions that may be used by NumPy.
    This is set to 64 and was 32 before NumPy 2.

    .. note::
        We encourage you to avoid ``NPY_MAXDIMS``.  A future version of NumPy
        may wish to remove any dimension limitation (and thus the constant).

>         The limitation was created mainly a simplification for the liberal use
>         of small stack allocations as scratch space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The limitation was created so that NumPy can use stack allocations
        internally for scratch space.
```

        If your algorithm has a reasonable maximum number of dimension you
        could check and use that locally.

.. c:macro:: NPY_MAXARGS

>     The maximum number of array arguments that can be used in in some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The maximum number of array arguments that can be used in some
```

    The return value of successful converter functions which are called
    using the "O&" syntax in :c:func:`PyArg_ParseTuple`-like functions.

.. c:macro:: NPY_RAVEL_AXIS

    Some NumPy functions (mainly the C-entrypoints for Python functions)
    have an ``axis`` argument.  This macro may be passed for ``axis=None``.

    .. note::

>         This macro is a NumPy version dependent at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This macro is NumPy version dependent at runtime.
```

Maybe also a sentence explaining why it depends on Numpy version and/or why that matters?
